Add services and platforms to Fritz (#17802)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/fritz.markdown

ha_iot_class: Local Polling
ha_platforms:
  - device_tracker
  - binary_sensor
  - sensor
ha_ssdp: true
---

> The `fritz` platform allow you to control your [AVM FRITZ!Box](https://avm.de/produkte/fritzbox/) based router.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The AVM FRITZ!Box Tools integration allows you to control your [AVM FRITZ!Box](https://avm.de/produkte/fritzbox/) based router.
```
